MODDATAIMP-706 Update documentation (#222)
folio-org/mod-data-import: README.md

    -d @target/TenantModuleDescriptor.json \
    http://localhost:9130/_/proxy/tenants/<tenant_name>/modules
```

## Maximum upload file size and java heap memory setups

> Current implementation supports only storing of the file in a LOCAL_STORAGE (heap memory of the module). It has a couple of implications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Current implementation supports only storing of the file in a LOCAL_STORAGE (file system of the module). It has a couple of implications:
```
